Mandate track alias value in TRACK_STATUS_OK (#1291)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

The TRACK_STATUS_OK message format is identical to the SUBSCRIBE_OK message
({{message-subscribe-ok}}).

The publisher populates the fields of TRACK_STATUS_OK in the same way as

> SUBSCRIBE_OK. The Track Alias MUST be set to 0. It is not

Reviewer: Yes, I understand. I just feel that English grammar wise, 

> The publisher populates the fields of TRACK_STATUS_OK in the same way as for SUBSCRIBE_OK.

is better than

> The publisher populates the fields of TRACK_STATUS_OK in the same way as SUBSCRIBE_OK.

As the former seems to be a better shortcut for "The publisher populates the fields of TRACK_STATUS_OK in the same way as the publisher would populate the fields of SUBSCRIBE_OK".

But, maybe I am wrong, and in any case, feel free to decide. Thanks!

> SUBSCRIBE_OK. The Track Alias MUST be set to 0. It is not

Reviewer 2: I would keep the original text here about how to formulate the message and combine with your new text that the receiver MUST close if it gets non-zero.

> The publisher populates the fields of TRACK_STATUS_OK in the same way as
> SUBSCRIBE_OK. The Track Alias MUST be set to 0. It is not
> considered an error if Track Alias 0 is already in use by an active
> subscription. However, the subscriber MUST terminate the session with
> a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION` if the Track Alias is not set to 0.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The publisher populates the fields of TRACK_STATUS_OK exactly as it would have
populated a SUBSCRIBE_OK, setting Track Alias to 0. It is not considered an
error if Track Alias 0 is already in use by an active subscription. The
subscriber MUST terminate the session with a `PROTOCOL_VIOLATION` if it receives
a non-zero Track Alias.
```
